README.md, before:

# mail.ru-uploader
Unofficial mail.ru cloud file uploader. Check official license agreement first (https://cloud.mail.ru/LA/). 

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.
This project has been created to accomplish just one and very small internal goal - upload bunch of files to the Mail.ru Cloud storage from time to time.

### Prerequisities

To run the uploader from source you need to install:

Python 3.3+ (2.7+ might be enough as well)
with modules:
```
pip install requests requests-toolbelt
```

On Windows NT systems you could also use pre-built version of the uploader with no prerequisities at all.
Just run the executable by double clicking it or from command line.

### Installing and Using

No installation is necessary.
Just download 'upload.py' file to the place where your directory with files to upload is and than run uploader from shell:
```
python -m upload
```
The very first run will create '.config' settings file with a few pretty descriptive options.
You should fill out them before next run, which is actually will upload your files to the cloud if settings are correct.
Please make sure that you have provided correct full email address and password for your Mail.ru cloud account in 'Credentials' section.
The uploader will not send them to any third parties. But it will keep it on your local storage in plain text.
Also you should have a folder with the files to upload in module's directory.
This folder should be named after an 'UploadPath' configuration option value, by default it is 'upload'.

You can add this command to Cron, Windows Task Scheduler or other similar job scheduler in your OS if you like. Do not forget to use module's full path though.

## Running the tests
Only main loop tests created. To run from shell use:
```
py.test
```

Install pytest in your virtual environment if not installed:
```
pip install pytest
```

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

Commit message:

successful cloud authorization check fixed cloud authorization test added logging stats added logger messages clarified duplicate logger messages removed minor workflow fixes

README.md, after:

# mail.ru-uploader
Unofficial mail.ru cloud file uploader. Check official license agreement first (https://cloud.mail.ru/LA/). 

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.
This project has been created to accomplish just one and very small internal goal - upload bunch of files to the Mail.ru Cloud storage from time to time.

### Prerequisities

To run the uploader from source you need to install:

Python 3.3+ (2.7+ might be enough as well)
with modules:
```
pip install requests requests-toolbelt
```

On Windows NT systems you could also use pre-built version of the uploader with no prerequisities at all.
Just run the executable by double clicking it or from command line.

Please make sure that your have read/write permissions to the module's root folder, the upload/uploaded folders and the cloud

### Installing and Using

No installation is necessary.
Just download 'upload.py' file to the place where your directory with files to upload is and than run uploader from shell:
```
python -m upload
```
The very first run will create '.config' settings file with a few pretty descriptive options.
You should fill out them before next run, which is actually will upload your files to the cloud if settings are correct.
Please make sure that you have provided correct full email address and password for your Mail.ru cloud account in 'Credentials' section.
The uploader will not send them to any third parties. But it will keep it on your local storage in plain text.
Also you should have a folder with the files to upload in module's directory.
This folder should be named after an 'UploadPath' configuration option value, by default it is 'upload'.

You can add this command to Cron, Windows Task Scheduler or other similar job scheduler in your OS if you like. Do not forget to use module's full path though.

## Running the tests
To run tests from shell use:
```
py.test
```

Provide email credentials if configuration file is not ok:
```
py.test --email=your_email@mail.ru --password=your_password
```

Install pytest in your virtual environment if not installed:
```
pip install pytest
```

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
